Digita 
( Digita logo ) 
Sound and secure ( In Bold) 

Exploring  limitless and endless possibilities with sound as never seen before on the continent.
(Get started) 

Graphics here

Sound ? (in Bold ) 
Everything that happens in the world as we know it today revolves around sound. Ability to convey information seamlessly and effortlessly has been the driving force for innovations around the world. 
The importance of sound cannot be over-emphasized in our day- day activities. 
  
 Space for graphics 

Secure ? (In bold )
Feeling safe in whatever you do or wherever you are has to be one of the best feelings in the world. Whether it’s taking a walk down the road , or catching a bus home , or sending money or buying groceries. The fact that you know no harm can come to you while going about your daily business is a very good feeling which is the core of what Digita is about. Protecting you and your interests in today’s world.

What is Digita ? (in Bold) 

We are a startup aimed at leveraging soundwave and blockchain technology by merging digital payments with digital identity for seamless and effective last mile and low value payments in Africa . ( Know More )

Why Digita? 
	⁃	Uniqueness- with our pioneer soundwave and blockchain technology. We are taking last mile  payments solution to a whole new level in Africa 
	⁃	Security: With ou
	⁃	Cost effective: We leverage on existing infrastructures e.g POS and ATMs to enable multiple use cases  for users, making us a very highly cost  effective solution to go for. 
	⁃	Dynamic: Digita Technology can be implemented across multiple devices as our soundwave technology is platform independent. Coupled with the fact that our technology is not bounded by the internet . Digita is applicable in almost every use case. 
Use cases of Digita ( In Bold ) 
( Find out unique applications) 

Interaction with existing infrastructure (Using SDK on POs, ATM )
Interaction with our own independent wallet
Last- Mile payments. 
Join us as we revolutionise digital payments

(Contact form ) 

Follow us: Social Media Handles 


